Add documentation for the new exceptions (#15868)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/develop/pages/api/reference/errors/too_many_aliases_error.adoc

= Too many Aliases error - TOO_MANY_ALIASES_ERROR

This error is triggered when your query has too many aliases.
To avoid this, you should do any of the following:

- Simplify the query

> - If you are unable, check `API_SCHEMA_MAX_ALIASES` environment variable. (xref:configure:environment_variables.adoc[Environment Variables page])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are unable, ask for the implementer of the instance to change the `API_SCHEMA_MAX_ALIASES` environment variable. (xref:configure:environment_variables.adoc[Environment Variables page])
```

Reviewer: This docs should be aimed to people playing with the API externally, so they may not have access to the server (and may be thinking that changing a local env var can be the fix for this)

> The JSON response structure is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON response structure is:

```
